# GitHub issue labels import/export

A tool which allows importing, exporting and deleting all issue labels from Github repositories


# Basic Requirements

Python 3.6 at least and pip

## Install additional requirements
`pip install -r requirements.txt`

# Running the script

You can either use `chmod +x repo.py` and run it like `./repo.py` or run it with python3: `python3 repo.py`. Executing it without args or with -h or --help will print the available options

## Available actions

All the actions require a repository on which to apply the action in the format: `user/repo`. For example: `torvalds/linux`.

### export

The **export** command will retrieve a list of all the existing labels for the specified repository and will save them in a file, if provided or display them in console, if not.
For export you will have to provide the repository and an optional param specifing the file in which to export: `export torvalds/linux -o file.json`. Use `export -h` for help.

### import

The **import** command will get all the labels from a file (generated by the **export** command) and will try to create them into the provided repository. If label already exists or some errors occurred, the **import** command will display in the console a statistic based on how many label creations failed and which ones.
For this command all the params are required: the repository, an input file given with `-i`, Github user given with `-u` and Github password with `-p`. It is required that the Github account provided will have permissions to create labels in the given repository. Example: `import torvalds/linux -i file.json -u torvalds -p pass`. Use `import -h` for help.

### clean

The **clean** command will retrieve the list of all the existing labels for the specified repository and will request a delete for each of them. Same as **import**, it will display if all labels were deleted and if not, how many and which labels were not deleted.
For this command all the params are required: the repository, Github user given with `-u` and Github password with `-p`. It is required that the Github account provided will have permissions to delete labels in the given repository. Example: `clean torvalds/linux -u torvalds -p pass`. Use `clean -h` for help. 
